sql-statements: clarify mysql compatibility of load data (#13601)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-load-data.md

## MySQL compatibility

> The syntax of this statement is fully compatible with that of MySQL, except for character set options which are parsed but ignored. If you find any syntax compatibility difference, you can [report it via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax of the `LOAD DATA` statement is fully compatible with that of MySQL, except for character set options which are parsed but ignored. If you find any syntax compatibility difference, you can [report it via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
```

> The syntax of the `LOAD DATA` statement is fully compatible with that of MySQL, except for character set options which are parsed but ignored. If you find any syntax compatibility difference, you can [report it via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: How about removing "fully"? 🤔
```suggestion
The syntax of the `LOAD DATA` statement is compatible with that of MySQL, except for character set options which are parsed but ignored. If you find any syntax compatibility difference, you can [report it via an issue](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/new/choose) on GitHub.
```
